README.md, before:

# LART/1
Arduino Software for an APRS Beacon Tracker 

a.k.a Livermore Amateur Radio Club APRS Tracker (LART) 
# Introduction
This arduino software provides an aprs beacon tracker, sending out periodic location information.   The arduino software uses the libAPRS library, interface circuits (based on the MicroModem/MicroAPRS schematic), and a 2 meter VHF transceiver. 

# Hardware
LART1 requires/assumes the following hardware:
+ an arduino board (developed on a Nano)
+ MicroModem/APRS circuit - [MicroModem Circuit](https://github.com/markqvist/MicroModem)
+ GPS that provides NMEA output - almost all of them do. The Ublox Neo-6M is a good start. 

See the Schematic directory for the  circuit schematics.

# Dependencies
requires the following libraries to be installed in your Arduino Sketchbook `libraries/` directory :
+ [LibAPRS](https://github.com/markqvist/LibAPRS)
+ [TinyGPSplus](https://github.com/mikalhart/TinyGPSPlus) - You need to rename the files and directory to "TinyGPSplus" (from TinyGPS++), and edit the include line in the `TinyGPSPlus.cpp`  file, otherwise it won't compile via the Makefile, due to using the non-standard naming.  
+ [DRA818](https://github.com/darksidelemm/dra818) - DRA818/SA818 module control library 
+ [LiquidCrystal_I2C](https://bitbucket.org/fmalpartida/new-liquidcrystal/wiki/Home) - Francisco Malpartida's excellent I2C library for LCD displays - use this one instead of the stock LCD library. 

# Status
This software is beta software, and is still in major update mode.

Commit message:

Beta Update - working code, added decoding, mega board

README.md, after:

# LART/1
Arduino Software for an APRS Beacon Tracker 

a.k.a Livermore Amateur Radio Club APRS Tracker (LART) 
# Introduction
This arduino software provides an aprs beacon tracker, sending out periodic location information.   The arduino software uses the libAPRS library, interface circuits (based on the MicroModem/MicroAPRS schematic), and a 2 meter VHF transceiver. 

# Features
+ Send APRS position reports (fields sent: lat/lon/altitude/PHGD data/comments)
+ Receive APRS message and print out a decode 

# Hardware
LART1 requires/assumes the following hardware:
+ an arduino board (developed on a Mega2560)
+ MicroModem/APRS circuit - [MicroModem Circuit](https://github.com/markqvist/MicroModem)
+ GPS that provides NMEA output - almost all of them do. The Ublox Neo-6M is a good start. 
+ 2 meter transceiver model (DRA818vhf or SA818vhf

See the Schematic directory for the  circuit schematics.

# Dependencies
requires the following libraries to be installed in your Arduino Sketchbook `libraries/` directory. 
I modified these libraries to work with the LART tracker code (bug fixes and extensions), so you'll need to use the version provided in the repository, and install them in your Arduino library. 
+ [LibAPRS](https://github.com/markqvist/LibAPRS)
+ [TinyGPSplus](https://github.com/mikalhart/TinyGPSPlus) - You need to rename the files and directory to "TinyGPSplus" (from TinyGPS++), and edit the include line in the `TinyGPSPlus.cpp`  file, otherwise it won't compile via the Makefile, due to using the non-standard naming.  
+ [DRA818](https://github.com/darksidelemm/dra818) - DRA818/SA818 module control library 
+ [LiquidCrystal_I2C](https://bitbucket.org/fmalpartida/new-liquidcrystal/wiki/Home) - Francisco Malpartida's excellent I2C library for LCD displays - use this one instead of the stock LCD library. 

# Status
This software is beta software, and is still in major update mode.
